Tweak ros2_overview tutorial. (#531)
gazebosim/docs: harmonic/ros2_overview.md

This figure illustrates the concept of composition. The left diagram captures
the idea of not using composition. All the three example nodes are standalone
nodes, and they can talk via interprocess communication using the bridge.

> The center diagram represents the scenario where we can use composition and our
> own ROS container between Gazebo and the bridge, but there's an additional

Reviewer: Reading this, it's not clear which perspective "own" refers to. That is, as a reader, I might think my own ROS container, but this is referring to `ros_gz`'s container.

```suggestion
The center diagram represents the scenario where we can use composition with a ROS container created by a `ros_gz` launch file containing both Gazebo and the bridge, and an additional
```

consumer node outside that we cannot control. All communication between Gazebo
and the bridge is intraprocess and interprocess between the external consumer
node and the bridge.
The diagram on the right side is using composition across all nodes but the

> launch file doesn't start our own container directly. This setup by itself will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ros_gz` launch file doesn't start its own container directly. This setup by itself will
```
